you got chikku in there now it's
important the color is quite important
trickery in it yeah it's my green and it
indicates it's gonna be quite bitter
yeah just picking off this watercress a
bit as well and you know what some
people just really don't appreciate that
the watercress stems are actually lovely
and they give that little bit of texture
as well and you know you see people
going like this with it and you're like
what are you doing yeah that look at
that ok love it and that'll finish
crisping and coloring in the oven so how
long's that going the other for eight
nine ten minutes yeah this one this one
I did earlier that's good and I'm gonna
deglaze this hand with a little bit of
stop we got a little bolder that's my
bacon that smells nice you know bacon
just pouring off the excess fat there
don't name we've got a little bit of
chicken stock there my plane battery
goes my flume yep do it off great I'll
keep that for my spuds how chicken fat
lovely great so and then once we've got
that reduced enough we just need to
crush a little bit of the old done yeah
yeah so did you put on it probably screw
missing yep go through well screw in
there ok re uploads we get into it
smells great so what about these journey
to then the town is saved shaved turn it
thinly thinly sliced thinly sliced
heckled that's bit thick yeah so I me
turnips quite the use of me really
unfashionable literally asked as they
still are release but it's the taste
because they used to eating well the
cows used to eat in the back in the 19th
century that's probably why we came to
sort of think of them as a not a great
veg but they are brilliant if you get
the baby ones a little being sweet yeah
and I think it's also one of those
things a lot of people bit of chicken
stock in there just to take off those
lovely lovely kind of
bits and pieces of roasted chicken
loveliness how we doing that but yeah
then I can go in straight it and we go
with the turnips okay see a plate here
ready great job finish off the dressing
now with a banana that's all I've got
left to do really yeah so you can start
a play just want to get that a little
bit sticky you know so it's really you
got that sweetness coming through in
with the garlic and what stirred up well
yeah gone and then a little bit of
vinegar and can you solution although
the oil in those wealthy yeah solution
all Lord of all Lucia a load of oil and
then make sure you get some brown me and
some white meat in here this is lovely
chicken can you hear how crisp red skins
gone and that's oh here is the butter
seeing you got there nice bit of herb I
can hear it i want to taste it that's
what just get it on the plate so where's
my dressing is that really pouring there
ya go go uses that yep okay there's
asbestos and that oh yeah I'm good no
I'm just getting the ball over the plate
look at that mmm mouth delicious I must
be phone line may be back there all
right hold on not quite ready drizzle of
all the recipe for that I gosselin sorry
matter is what that is again this is a
treble stuffed chicken salad with winter
leaves and some shape baby turn it and
they might have been available a little
bit of travel on top a little you're a
star brilliance alright another
you